add note when installing OMERO-py (#2199)
openmicroscopy/ome-documentation: omero/users/cli/installation.rst

    . myenv/bin/activate
    pip install omero-py

> .. Note:: On Ubuntu 20.09, you may need to install ``libssl-dev`` before running the above command.

Reviewer: Maybe 
```suggestion
.. Note:: On Ubuntu 20.09, you may need to install ``libssl-dev`` before installing CLI.
```

Alternatively, push this note above the two blocks of commands (one for conda, one for venv) and say

``On Ubuntu 20.09, you may need to install ``libssl-dev`` before running the commands below.``

Otherwise, it is not very clear which command to run first, and which next.
